<c:template src="/WEB-INF/app/template/ECom.xml"
	xmlns:c="app.ui.faces.component">

	<c:variable name="pageTitle" value="Retail App" />

	<c:parameter name="content">
       <h1>Terms Of Use</h1>
     
     
<p><b>PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SERVICE</b></p>


<p><b>1. Introduction</b></p>
<p>1.1) Your use of GoodOldLiving.com Product and Groceries. (referred to as the offering in this document and excluding any offering provided to you by GoodOldLiving.com under a separate written agreement) is subject to these terms, without prejudice to any additional terms which may be part of an agreement specific to the service you wish to avail of. Your agreement with GoodOldLiving.com will always include, at a minimum, the terms and conditions set out in this document.</p>
<p>1.2)  GoodOldLiving.com does not sell its own products or services but acts as a link to other service - providers.</p>

<p><b>2. Accepting the Terms</b></p>
<p>2.1) GoodOldLiving.com shall interact with customers / clients through E-mail, Form on our website and Phone call, Skype or similar service. . By clicking a button or checkbox on a website. you accept and agree to the terms, where this option is made available to you by GoodOldLiving.com in the user interface for any offering.</p>
<p>2.2) In order to use the offering, you must first agree to the terms. You may not use the offering if you do not accept the terms.</p>
<p><b>3. Provision of the offering by GoodOldLiving.com</b></p>

<p>3.1) GoodOldLiving.com will attempt to continuously innovate in order to provide the best possible offering for its users. You acknowledge and agree that the form and nature of the offering which GoodOldLiving.com provides may change from time to time.</p>
<p>3.2) You acknowledge and agree that GoodOldLiving.com may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the offering (or any features within the offering) to you or to users generally at GoodOldLiving.com's sole discretion.</p>
<p>3.3) You acknowledge and agree that while GoodOldLiving.com may not currently limit your use of the offering in any way, it may do so if that use hinders with the ability of GoodOldLiving.com to carry on its operations or the ability of other customers to use the offering.</p>
<p>3.4) The supply of the offering will only be subject to your making payments.</p>
<p>3.5) GoodOldLiving.com shall not be responsible for any loss or damage caused by a modification of the features, limitation of use of the offering or the discontinuation altogether thereof.</p>
<p><b>4. Pricing</b></p>
<p>4.1) All products listed in the GoodOldLiving.com site will be sold at a price either less than or equivalent to the Marginal Retail Price (MRP) of the product but not more than the MRP.</p>
<p>4.2) The products ordered by the customer will be sold at the same price as mentioned in the site at the time when the order is executed.</p>
<p>4.3) The listed price of the commodities are subject to change on regular basis as per the change in the market price.</p>
<p><b>5. Cancellation Policy</b></p>
<p>5.1) Customers can cancel any orders from GoodOldLiving.com at anytime upto the cutoff time by calling out customer service and GoodOldLiving.com will refund any payment already made by the customer for the order.</p>
<p><b><![CDATA[6. Return & Refund]]></b></p>
<p>6.1) Customer can return the product at the time of the delivery if the item is not as expected. The cost charged for the item will be refunded without any questions.</p>
<p><b>7. Colors of the product images and Description about products</b></p>
<p>7.1) The actual colors you see on the products or items, will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee or assure that your monitor's display of any color will be accurate. The images or description of the products in the GoodOldLiving.com will subject to change when ever there is a change in the product packing by the vendor or manufacturer.</p>
<p><b>8. Promotions, Discounts and Coupons</b></p>
<p>8.1) GoodOldLiving.com reserves the right to offer the discounts/promotional offers to any GoodOldLiving.com customer of its choice and shall not be held liable to any customer for not offering the same.</p>
<p>8.2) The discounts/offers have been made available at the sole discretion of GoodOldLiving.com and are subject to change.</p>
<p>8.3) GoodOldLiving.com  at its sole discretion, may at any time discontinue the discounts/offers without assigning any reasons or without any prior intimation whatsoever.</p>


<p><b>9. Links To Third Party Sites: </b></p>
<p>9.1) The Website may contain links to other websites ("other URL or Linked Sites").The Linked Sites are not under the control of www.GoodOldLiving.com and not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site.</p>
<p>9.2) GoodOldLiving.com is not responsible for any form of transmission, whatsoever, received by you from any Linked Site.</p>
<p>9.3) GoodOldLiving.com is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by GoodOldLiving.com or the Website of the Linked Sites or any association with its operators or owners including the legal heirs or assigns thereof. The users are requested to verify the accuracy of all information on their own before undertaking any reliance on such information.</p>
<p><b>10. Use of the offering by you</b></p>
<p>10.1) In order to access certain offering, you may be required to provide information about yourself as part of the registration process for the service, or for your continued use of the offering. You agree that any registration information you give to GoodOldLiving.com will always be accurate, correct and up to date.</p>
<p>10.2) GoodOldLiving.com can share customer/ client information with no one, except Employees and agents (for eg. You may share addresses with delivery agents), Any company which you acquire / acquires you and To the Government or law enforcement agencies (if officially requested or required by Order, Notification, Statute or Court Order).</p>
<p>10.3) You agree to use the offering only for your personal, non-commercial use and for purposes that are permitted by (a) the terms and (b) any applicable law, regulation or guidelines.</p>
<p>10.4) You agree not to access (or attempt to access) any of the offering by any means other than through the interface that is provided by GoodOldLiving.com, unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement with GoodOldLiving.com</p>
<p>You specifically agree not to access (or attempt to access) any of the offering through any automated means (including through the use of scripts or web crawlers).</p>
<p>10.5) You agree that you will not engage in any activity that interferes with or disrupts the offering (or the servers and networks which are connected to the offering).</p>
<p>10.6) Unless you have been specifically permitted to do so in a separate agreement with GoodOldLiving.com, you agree that you will not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade or resell the offering for any purpose.</p>
<p>10.7) You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that GoodOldLiving.com has no responsibility to you or to any third party for) any breach of your obligations under the Terms and for the consequences (including any loss or damage which GoodOldLiving.com may suffer) of any such breach.</p>
<p>10.8) You are solely responsible for the comments or opinions expressed on the site. GoodOldLiving is not responsible for, and disclaims any and all liability for the content of comments written by contributors.</p>

<p><b>11. Your passwords and account security</b></p>
<p>11.1) You agree and understand that you are responsible to GoodOldLiving.com and to third parties for maintaining the confidentiality of passwords associated with any account you use to access the offering.</p>
<p><b>You will be solely responsible for all activities that occur under your account. </b> </p>
<p>11.2) GoodOldLiving.com will take due care to ensure the confidentiality of your credentials. You agree and acknowledge that in the very unlikely event of your credentials becoming known to a third party on account of an intrusion into GoodOldLiving.com database, GoodOldLiving.com shall not be made liable for the resulting damages.</p>
<p>11.3) If you become aware of any unauthorized use of your password or of your account, you agree to notify the concerned official at GoodOldLiving.com immediately.</p>
<p><b>12. Content in the offering</b></p>
<p>12.1) You understand that all information (such as data files, written text, computer software, or images) which you may have access to as part of, or through your use of, the offering are the sole responsibility of the person from which such content originated.</p>
<p>12.2) You should be aware that content presented to you as part of the offering, including but not limited to advertisements and promotional material of GoodOldLiving.com or other companies, is protected by intellectual property rights which are owned by GoodOldLiving.com, or the sponsors or advertisers who provide that content to GoodOldLiving.com (or by other persons or companies on their behalf). You may not modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, copy or create derivative work based on this content (either in whole or in part) unless you have been specifically told that you may do so by GoodOldLiving.com or by the owners of that content, in a separate agreement. Any content being disseminated using GoodOldLiving.com's sales network or the product, service or platform may be pre-screened, reviewed, flagged, filtered, modified or simply refused or removed. Any spam or pornographic material and / or any illegal content will be immediately deleted and we reserve the right to take appropriate legal action.</p>
<p>12.3) You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that GoodOldLiving.com has no responsibility to you or to any third party for) any content that you create, transmit or display while using the offering or for the consequences of your actions (including any loss or damage which GoodOldLiving.com may suffer) by doing so.</p>
<p>12.4) You understand that by using the offering you may be exposed to content of other users that you may find offensive, indecent or objectionable and that, in this respect, you use the offering at your own risk. GoodOldLiving.com shall not be made responsible for any repugnant content circulated on its offering by other users. The user generated content is thoroughly verified by site administrator, before it is made available to other users.</p>
<p>12.5) On noticing any such content, it is your duty to bring it to the attention of GoodOldLiving.com officials immediately, who will take due care to delete it from the offering.</p>
<p><b>13. Intellectual Property rights</b></p>
<p>13.1) You acknowledge and agree that GoodOldLiving.com (or GoodOldLiving.com's licensors) owns all legal right, title and interest in and to the offering, including any intellectual property rights which subsist in the offering (whether those rights happen to be registered or not, and wherever in the world those rights may exist). You further acknowledge that the offering may contain information which is designated confidential by GoodOldLiving.com and that you shall not disclose such information without GoodOldLiving.com's prior written consent.</p>
<p>13.2) Unless GoodOldLiving.com has otherwise agreed in writing, nothing in the terms gives you a right to use any of GoodOldLiving.com's trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features. You additionally agree that in using the offering, you will not use any trade mark, service mark, trade name, logo of any company or organization in a way that is likely or intended to cause confusion about the owner or authorized user of such marks, names or logos.</p>
<p>13.3) GoodOldLiving.com acknowledges and agrees that it obtains no right, title or interest from you (or your licensors) under these terms in or to any content that you submit, post, transmit or display on, or through, the offering, including any intellectual property rights which subsist in that content (whether those rights happen to be registered or not, and wherever in the world those rights may exist). Unless you have agreed otherwise in writing with GoodOldLiving.com, you agree that you are responsible for protecting and enforcing those rights and that GoodOldLiving.com has no obligation to do so on your behalf.</p>
<p><b>14. License from GoodOldLiving.com</b></p>
<p>14.1) GoodOldLiving.com gives you a license to use the software provided to you by GoodOldLiving.com as part of the offering as provided to you by GoodOldLiving.com. This license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the offering as provided by GoodOldLiving.com, in the manner permitted by these terms.</p>
<p>14.2) You are not entitled to commercially exploit, either directly or by sale, or transfer commercially or profit from the offering and products.</p>
<p>14.3) You may not (and you may not permit anyone else to) copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, decompile or otherwise attempt to extract the source code of the software or any part thereof.</p>
<p>14.4) The payment mode for the offering may be either fixed, invoice based or recurring. The payment cycle will be in the manner decided at the discretion of GoodOldLiving.com.</p>
<p><b>15. Ending your relationship with GoodOldLiving.com</b></p>
<p>15.1) The Terms will continue to apply until terminated by either you or GoodOldLiving.com as set out below.</p>
<p>15.2) GoodOldLiving.com may at any time, terminate its legal agreement with you if:</p>
<ul style="list-style:none">
<li> A. you have breached any provision of the terms (or have acted in manner which clearly shows that you do not intend to, or are unable to comply with the provisions of the terms); or</li>
<li> B. GoodOldLiving.com is required to do so by law (for example, where the provision of the offering to you is, or becomes, unlawful)</li>
</ul>
<p>15.3) When these terms come to an end, all of the legal rights, obligations and liabilities that you and GoodOldLiving.com are subject to in relation to the obligation to maintain confidentiality or such other legal rights, obligations and liabilities which are expressed to continue indefinitely, shall be unaffected by this cessation.</p>
<p><b>16. EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES</b></p>
<p>16.1) YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE OFFERING IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT THE OFFERING ARE PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE.</p>
<p>16.2) IN PARTICULAR, GoodOldLiving.com DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT TO YOU THAT: </p>
<ul style="list-style:none">
<li>A.  YOUR USE OF THE OFFERING WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, </li>
<li>B.  YOUR USE OF THE OFFERING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR FREE FROM ERROR, INCLUDING SPECIFICALLY FROM SERVER DOWNTIME, </li>
<li>C.  ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE OFFERING WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, AND </li>
</ul>
<p>16.3) ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE OFFERING IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND GoodOldLiving.com WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR OTHER DEVICE OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.</p>
<p>16.4) NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM GoodOldLiving.com OR THROUGH OR FROM THE OFFERING SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TERMS.</p>
<p>16.5) GoodOldLiving.com FURTHER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.</p>
<p><b>17. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY</b></p>
<p>17.1) SUBJECT TO OVERALL PROVISION IN CLAUSE 11 ABOVE, YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT GoodOldLiving.com SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR:</p>
<ul style="list-style:none">

<li>A.  ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY. THIS SHALL INCLUDE, BUT NOT BE LIMITED TO, ANY LOSS OF PROFIT (WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY), ANY LOSS OF GOODWILL OR BUSINESS REPUTATION, ANY LOSS OF DATA SUFFERED, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR OFFERING, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSS;</li>

<li>B.  ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OR DAMAGE AS A RESULT OF:
<pre>
i. ANY CHANGES WHICH GoodOldLiving.com MAY MAKE TO THE OFFERING, OR FOR ANY PERMANENT OR TEMPORARY CESSATION IN THE PROVISION OF THE OFFERING (OR ANY FEATURES WITHIN THE OFFERING);
ii. THE DELETION OF, CORRUPTION OF, OR FAILURE TO STORE, ANY CONTENT AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS DATA MAINTAINED OR TRANSMITTED BY OR THROUGH YOUR USE OF THE OFFERING;
iii. YOUR FAILURE TO PROVIDE GoodOldLiving.com WITH ACCURATE ACCOUNT INFORMATION;
iv. YOUR FAILURE TO KEEP YOUR PASSWORD OR ACCOUNT DETAILS SECURE AND CONFIDENTIAL; </pre>
</li>

</ul>
<p><b>18. Changes to the Terms</b></p>
<p>18.1) GoodOldLiving.com may make changes to the terms from time to time. The same will be communicated to you, on the website of 2 A, without prior intimation to you. Your continued use of the offering will indicate your acceptance of the modified terms. When these changes are made, GoodOldLiving.com shall make the amended copy of the terms available in an accessible location.</p>
<p>18.2) You understand and agree that if you use the offering after the date on which the terms have changed, or after the date by which you have to respond as per these terms has passed, GoodOldLiving.com will treat your use as acceptance of the amended terms.</p>
<p><b>19. General legal terms</b></p>
<p>19.1) Sometimes when you use the offering, you may (as a result of, or through your use of the offering) use a service or download a piece of software, or purchase goods, which are provided by another person or company. Your use of these other offering, software or goods may be subject to separate terms between you and the company or person concerned.</p>
<p>19.2) The terms constitute the legal agreement between you and GoodOldLiving.com and govern your use of the offering, but without prejudice to any additional terms which may be part of an agreement specific to the service you wish to avail of. (but excluding any offering which GoodOldLiving.com may provide to you under a separate written agreement), and completely replace any prior agreements between you and GoodOldLiving.com in relation to the offering.</p>
<p>19.3) You agree that if GoodOldLiving.com does not exercise or enforce any legal right or remedy which is contained in the terms (or which GoodOldLiving.com has the benefit of under any applicable law), this will not be taken to be a formal waiver of GoodOldLiving.com's rights and that those rights or remedies will still be available to GoodOldLiving.com.</p>
<p>19.4) If any court of law, having the jurisdiction to decide on this matter, rules that any provision of these terms is invalid, then that provision will be removed from the terms without affecting the rest of the terms. The remaining provisions of the terms will continue to be valid and enforceable.</p>
<p>19.5) The terms, and your relationship with GoodOldLiving.com under the terms, shall be governed by the laws of India and be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts at Bangalore. The High Court of judicature at Bangalore alone shall have the jurisdiction.</p>
<p>You and GoodOldLiving.com agree that any dispute will be referred to arbitration, with the arbitral panel consisting of three arbitrators, one arbitrator being chosen by each party and a third being jointly appointed by the two arbitrators so chosen.</p>
		<div class="clr" />

	</c:parameter>

</c:template>